Stylus V2 New IA (#1804)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/stylus/stylus-gentle-introduction.md

### What's Stylus?

Stylus is an upgrade to Arbitrum Nitro [(ArbOS 32)](https://docs.arbitrum.io/run-arbitrum-node/arbos-releases/arbos32), the tech stack powering Arbitrum One, Arbitrum Nova, and Arbitrum Orbit chains. This upgrade adds a second, coequal virtual machine to the EVM, where EVM contracts continue to behave exactly as they would in Ethereum. We call this paradigm **MultiVM** since **everything is entirely additive.**

![Stylus gives you MultiVM](./assets/stylus-multivm.jpg)

This second virtual machine executes WebAssembly (WASM) rather than EVM bytecode. WASM is a modern binary format popularized by its use in major web standards, browsers, and companies to speed up computation. WASM is built to be fast, portable, and human-readable. It has sandboxed execution environments for security and simplicity. Working with WASM is nothing new for Arbitrum chains. Ever since the [Nitro upgrade](https://medium.com/offchainlabs/arbitrum-nitro-one-small-step-for-l2-one-giant-leap-for-ethereum-bc9108047450), WASM has been a fundamental component of Arbitrum's fully functioning fraud proofs.

> With a WASM VM, any programming language that can compile to WASM is within Stylus's scope. While many popular programming languages can be compiled into WASM, some compilers are more suitable for smart contract development than others, like Rust, C, and C++. Other languages like Go, Sway, Move, and Cairo can also be supported. Languages that include their own runtimes, like Python and Javascript, are more complex for Stylus to support, although not impossible. Compared to Solidity, WASM programs are much more efficient for memory-intensive applications. There are many reasons for this, including the decades of compiler development for Rust and C. WASM also has a faster runtime than the EVM, resulting in faster execution. Third-party [contribution](#contributing) in the form of libraries for new and existing languages is welcomed!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a WASM VM, any programming language compilable to WASM is within Stylus's scope. While many popular programming languages can compile into WASM, some compilers are more suitable for smart contract development than others, like Rust, C, and C++. Other languages like Go, Sway, Move, and Cairo are also  supported. Languages that include their own runtimes, like Python and Javascript, are more complex for Stylus to support, although not impossible. Compared to Solidity, WASM programs are much more efficient for memory-intensive applications. There are many reasons for this, including the decades of compiler development for Rust and C. WASM also has a faster runtime than the EVM, resulting in faster execution. Third-party [contribution](#contributing) in the form of libraries for new and existing languages is welcomed!
```
